# idea
All calamities and natural disasters are controlled by superior forces. The best way to predict them is to approach those who cause this :) But since we are choosing morden technology to predict natural disasters, here is one of the way in which it can be done. All natural disasters are very much the cause of wind, water and fire (Heat inside the earth). Its the movements and distrubances in primarily these three, results in a disaster somewhere. So if we could, somehow study the trends and movements of the factors causing the calamity, we can to a decent extent predict any similar occurance again. So the state-of-the-art technology which I would recommend to build is such a system is Machine Learnig and Deep Learning, which can work superly well, with such huge data. 
To be precise, what data could be used in building the model is as follows.  
First a detailed study of what exactly are the cause of a particular disaster is required. Eg for Tsunamis is abrupt movement in ocean bed. So getting information about what amount of movements have lead to a Tsunami in past, could be one feautre for predicting Tsunmai. Or for heavy rains, one fof the cause being sea lows. Similary for all disasters, some major contributors could be worked out, with the help of Meterological Departments world wide, which wouldn’t be a very big challenge, especially if someone is working for a challenge upheld by Mircosoft.
So once the data is obtained, the detailed study can be done, by studying the trends in possible cause, that was done in the first stage, during normal days and during time period just before the disaster struck. From this we can arrive at a concrete set of features for all the Natural Disasters. Using some part of this data we can train Deep Learning Model, like Artificial Neural Networks, or some other variant of Neural Network, depending what type of input data we arrive at after the first two stages.
So by scrutinizingly studying the causes and their trends in past, which have resulted in disasters, we can obtain a complex, yet efficient model, for predecting the calamities well in advance, so that many lives and resources can be saved. That’s it. Thank You.
